add references to other Julia libraries (#395)
SciML/JumpProcesses.jl: paper/paper.tex

The \textit{inverse} method as described around Equation~\ref{eqn:inverse} uses root finding to calculate the next jump time. Jumps to be simulated via the \textit{inverse} method must be initialized as a \texttt{VariableRateJump}. \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} builds a continuous callback following the algorithm in~\cite{salis2005} and passes the problem to an \texttt{OrdinaryDiffEq.jl} integrator, which easily interoperates with \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} (both libraries are part of the \textit{SciML} organization, and by design built to easily compose). \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} does not yet support the CHV ODE based approach.

> Alternatively, \textit{thinning} methods can be simulated via discrete steps. In \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl}, simulation approaches that take discrete steps are handled via discrete callbacks that are checked at the end of each time-step of some time evolution algorithm, \eg an ODE solver from \texttt{OrdinaryDiffEq.jl}, a stochastic differential equation solver from \texttt{StochasticDiffEq.jl}, or the pure-jump process \texttt{SSAStepper} provided by \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl}. In simple terms, discrete callbacks are functions that can be arbitrarily called at each step of the main loop of a time-stepping method. In the context of the library, any method that uses thinning via a discrete callback is called an \textit{aggregator}. There are twelve different aggregators which we discuss below and are summarized in Table~\ref{tab:aggregators} in the \hyperref[sec:annex]{Annex}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, \textit{thinning} methods can be simulated via discrete steps. In \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl}, simulation approaches that take discrete steps are handled via discrete callbacks that are checked at the end of each time-step of some time evolution algorithm, \eg an ODE solver from \texttt{OrdinaryDiffEq.jl}, a stochastic differential equation solver from \texttt{StochasticDiffEq.jl}, or the pure-jump process \texttt{SSAStepper} provided by \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl}. In simple terms, discrete callbacks involve two functions. Condition functions are checked at each step of the main loop of a time-stepping method to see if the callback should be executed, and if it should, an associated affect function is called. In the context of the library, any method that uses thinning via a discrete callback is called an \textit{aggregator}. There are twelve different aggregators which we discuss below and are summarized in Table~\ref{tab:aggregators} in the \hyperref[sec:annex]{Annex}.
```

\section{Implementation} \label{sec:implementation}

> \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} is a Julia library for simulating jump --- or point --- processes which is part of Julia's SciML organization. In the Julia ecosystem, there are other libraries that can sample certain TPPs including \texttt{Hawkes.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/em1234321/Hawkes.jl}}, \texttt{HawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/dm13450/HawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/cswaney/NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{PointProcessInference.jl}~\cite{schauer2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/mschauer/PointProcessInference.jl}}, \texttt{GeoStats.jl}~\cite{hoffimann2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl}}, \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}~\cite{veltz2015}~\footnote{\url{https://github.com/rveltz/PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}}, and \texttt{PointProcesses.jl}~\cite{dalle2024} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/gdalle/PointProcesses.jl}}. Apart from \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}, all the other libraries can only sample the Poisson and/or the Hawkes processes. However, \texttt{PointProcesses.jl} offers an API for TPP modelling. In our documentation, we take advantage of this API to show that \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} is capable of simulating most TPPs \footnote{\url{https://docs.sciml.ai/JumpProcesses/stable/applications/advanced_point_process} or check \path{docs/src/applications/advanced_point_process.md} in the library source tree.}.

Author: The PR adds this paragraph to the beginning of the Implementation section.

> \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} is a Julia library for simulating jump --- or point --- processes which is part of Julia's SciML organization. In the Julia ecosystem, there are other libraries that can sample certain TPPs including \texttt{Hawkes.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/em1234321/Hawkes.jl}}, \texttt{HawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/dm13450/HawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/cswaney/NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{PointProcessInference.jl}~\cite{schauer2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/mschauer/PointProcessInference.jl}}, \texttt{GeoStats.jl}~\cite{hoffimann2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl}}, \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}~\cite{veltz2015}~\footnote{\url{https://github.com/rveltz/PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}}, and \texttt{PointProcesses.jl}~\cite{dalle2024} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/gdalle/PointProcesses.jl}}. Apart from \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}, all the other libraries can only sample the Poisson and/or the Hawkes processes. However, \texttt{PointProcesses.jl} offers an API for TPP modelling. In our documentation, we take advantage of this API to show that \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} is capable of simulating most TPPs \footnote{\url{https://docs.sciml.ai/JumpProcesses/stable/applications/advanced_point_process} or check \path{docs/src/applications/advanced_point_process.md} in the library source tree.}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} is a Julia library for simulating jump --- or point --- processes which is part of Julia's SciML organization. In the Julia ecosystem, there are other libraries that can sample certain TPPs including \texttt{Hawkes.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/em1234321/Hawkes.jl}}, \texttt{HawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/dm13450/HawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/cswaney/NetworkHawkesProcesses.jl}}, \texttt{PointProcessInference.jl}~\cite{schauer2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/mschauer/PointProcessInference.jl}}, \texttt{GeoStats.jl}~\cite{hoffimann2020} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/JuliaEarth/GeoStats.jl}}, \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}~\cite{veltz2015}~\footnote{\url{https://github.com/rveltz/PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}}, and \texttt{PointProcesses.jl}~\cite{dalle2024} \footnote{\url{https://github.com/gdalle/PointProcesses.jl}}. Apart from \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl}, these other libraries can only sample the Poisson and/or the Hawkes processes. \texttt{PointProcesses.jl} also offers a formalized interface other packages can implement to leverage its TPP modelling functionality. While JumpProcesses can be used to directly simulate TPPs, in its documentation we also show how it can be wrapped to conform to this interface \footnote{\url{https://docs.sciml.ai/JumpProcesses/stable/applications/advanced_point_process}.
```

> In \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl} jumps are handled via callbacks that are checked at the end of each time-step of some time evolution algorithm, \eg an ODE solver from \texttt{OrdinaryDiffEq.jl}, a stochastic differential equation solver from \texttt{StochasticDiffEq.jl}, or the pure-jump process \texttt{SSAStepper} provided by \texttt{JumpProcesses.jl}. In simple terms, callbacks are functions that can be arbitrarily called at each step of the main loop of a time-stepping method.

Reviewer: This isn't correct in the context of `VariableRateJump`s though.

Author: You're right. I have moved this discussion to the appropriate location.

We fix the Hawkes parameters at \( \lambda = 0.5 , \alpha = 0.1 , \beta = 5.0 \) ensuring the process does not explode and simulate models in the range from \( 1 \) to \( 95 \) nodes for \( 25 \) units of time. We simulate \( 50 \) trajectories with a limit of ten seconds to complete execution. For this benchmark, we save the state of the system exactly after each jump.

> We assess the benchmark in eight different settings. First, we run the \textit{inverse} method, \texttt{Coevolve} and \textit{CHV simple} using the brute force formula of the intensity rate which loops through the whole history of past events --- Equation~\ref{eqn:hawkes-brute}. Second, we simulate the same three methods with the recursive formula --- Equation~\ref{eqn:hawkes-recursive}. Next, we run the benchmark against \textit{CHV full}. All \textit{CHV} specifications are implemented with \texttt{PiecewiseDeterministicMarkovProcesses.jl} which is developed by Veltz, the author of the \textit{CHV} algorithm discussed in Subsection~\ref{subsec:sim-inverse}. Finally, we run the benchmark using the Python library Tick\footnote{\url{https://github.com/X-DataInitiative/tick}}. This library implements a version of the thinning method for simulating the Hawkes process and implements a recursive algorithm for computing the intensity rate.

Author: This part only removes the PDMP url as it is already included in the paragraph which I added above.
